DOC: Point out that inverse modeling needs an average reference projector ready to not raise an error (#12420)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/12401.other.rst

> Clarify in tutorial '55_setting_eeg_reference' that an average reference projector ready is required to not raise an error during inverse modeling, by :newcontrib:`Nabil Alibou`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clarify in the :ref:`EEG referencing tutorial <tut-set-eeg-ref>` that an average reference projector ready is required for inverse modeling, by :newcontrib:`Nabil Alibou`
```
